Just for the sake of completeness,
it's necessary that we discuss a couple of topics that we're not going to go in depth on,
but you should be fully aware of their implications.
The first is performance testing.
That is because this is a much more complex subjects that can take a long time.
Then we are going to be able to cover in this lesson here.
With performance testing, you're basically bringing up an environment,
to usually a scale down level of an environment,
and then using agents which will test that environment to see what kind of load handling,
how many users connected or transactions per second,
or whatever it is you're measuring that environment is capable of.
Then, another thing that we're not doing but it's
definitely something that you will encounter in your workplace is integration testing.
This is where you are adding your code to
a larger project and you're testing to see
when you make a change here and you deploy everything,
does that break the application as a whole?
But I think that being able to cover
the component parts of testing the functionality with lynching,
you will understand how this stuff works,
and you'll be able to scale this to what it is that you're trying to accomplish.
So we've covered lynching,
we've covered security testing, performance testing.
You can go find out on yourself,
as well as integration testing.
Already, let's move on.